{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f83\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f84\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f86\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times New Roman};}
{\f87\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f88\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f89\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times New Roman};}
{\f90\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f99\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f100\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f102\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f103\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f104\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f105\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f106\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author ATC}{\operator ATC}{\creatim\yr2010\mo2\dy17\hr16\min14}{\revtim\yr2010\mo2\dy17\hr16\min15}{\version3}{\edmins1}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords867}{\nofchars4946}{\*\company ATC}{\nofcharsws6074}
{\vern8269}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\f2\fs20 2/10/2010
\par P/N: 940033 Rev F
\par 
\par *******************************************************
\par This CD-ROM contains the relevant device drivers for the ATC 3DG medSAFE system.
\par It also contains currently available Utilities. 
\par *******************************************************
\par 
\par For users upgrading from Rev D or Rev E:
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20 Load the new tracker firmware using the Rev D or Rev E medSAFEUtility.  Once the firmware upgrade has been loaded, cycle the power on the tracker and run the 
new Rev F medSAFEUtility.  In the Settings tab, click Set to Defaults to load the Rev F default settings.  This initializes the flash with the new Rev F settings for Sleep On Reset, XYZRef, and Kalman filter parameters.  Note that the factory default sett
ings for the tracker Kalman parameters (for flat transmitters) have changed as follows:
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f2\fs20 Rev D:
\par }\pard \ql \li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 Position Process Noise Velocity Model\tab 25
\par Orientation Process Noise Velocity Model\tab 25
\par Position Process Noise Static\tab \tab \tab 25
\par }\pard \ql \li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx2160\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 Orientation Process Noise Static\tab \tab 25
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f2\fs20 Rev E:
\par }\pard \ql \li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 Position Process Noise Velocity Model\tab 0.10
\par Orientation Process Noise Velocity Model\tab 10
\par Position Process Noise Static\tab \tab \tab 0.10
\par Orientation Process Noise Static\tab \tab 10
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f2\fs20 Rev F:
\par }\pard \ql \li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 Position Process Noise Velocity Model\tab 25
\par Orientation Process Noise Velocity Model\tab 25
\par Position Process Noise Static\tab \tab \tab 5
\par Orientation Process Noise Static\tab \tab 5
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 Specific items new for this release:
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-1440\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 *64-bit- \tab Support - 64bit versions of Windows Vista OS now supported. Requires installation of the winusb.sys driver
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-1440\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 *Installer- Install.msi file now used to load software, documentation, and all required driver install files.
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx6120\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-1440\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 **Known Issues
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 1.\tab Startup settings in medSAFEUtility do not affect startup of dipole medSAFE configuration.
\par 2.\tab Currently the 3DG medSAFE and driveBAY trackers use the same
 USB Product ID (PID).  Therefore, when installing the USB drivers, the tracker will be identified as a driveBAy.  This is expected and can be ignored.  Future medSAFE releases will use a unique PID.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par *API (ATC3DGm.dll) - version 33.0.14.8
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20 **New Features
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 1. \tab Support for 64-bit driver
\par 2. \tab New 'Pre-init' parameters - gives API access to the settings stored in the ATC3DG.ini file. These can be manipulated PRIOR to initialization.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par *medSAFEDemo - version 33.0.15.3
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20 **New Features
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 1.\tab Eliminated need for glut32.dll.
\par 2.\tab Some timing adjustments to go along with new USB driver.
\par 3.\tab Implements support for new media parameter types.  Allows limited operation with the RS232 interface. Use medSAFEAPITest Pre-init command to set communications mode.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-1440\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 **Known Issues\tab 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 1.\tab medS
AFEDemo currently still uses GetAsynchronousRecord to acquire/display data.  Therefore data saved to file will suffer from duplicate or missed records.  Furthermore, altering the REPORT_RATE is not yet supported.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par *medSAFEUtility - version 33.0.0.8
\par *tracker.dll - version 33.0.13.7
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20 **New Features
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 1.\tab Defaults for Set Defaults button in Settings tab have changed.  Default measurement rate is now 22.0 Hz.  Note that legacy flat 
transmitters should still be run at their original measurement rate.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20 **Bug Fixes
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 1.\tab It is now possible to run the medSAFEUtility from a read-only location (e.g., CD-ROM).
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par *medSAFEAPITest - version 33.0.16.4
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20 **New Features
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 1.\tab 
Support for the new Get/SetSystemParameter 'Pre-init' parameters - gives API access to the settings stored in the ATC3DGm.ini file. These can be manipulated PRIOR to initialization.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20 **Known Issues
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 1.\tab This release of medSAFEAPITest does not support sending the Get(A)SynchronousRecord commands with the ALL_SENSORS sensor ID.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par **********************************************************
\par CONTENT LISTING:
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 [3D Guidance API]\tab Contains .h, .lib, and .DLL files necessary for using the 3D Guidance API.
\par }\pard \ql \fi2160\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 -ATC3DGm.DLL\tab 33.0.14.8
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par [ACROBAT]\tab \tab Installation File for Adobe Reader v8.11
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 [FOB_Direct]\tab Contains subdirectories CBird and Terminal that contain sample programs with source code for communicating with the tracker di
rectly using the Flock of Birds protocol.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 [FOB_WIN32]\tab \tab 
Microsoft Windows driver for devices compatible with the ATC RS232 protocol. DOC subdirectory contains API reference document. Consult readme file in Driver subdirectory for desciption of files.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 [images] \tab \tab Files used by index.html
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 [medSAFEAPITest]\tab Windows utility that permits communication with tracker using any single command/parameter defined in the 3DG medSAFE API, and displays tracker response.

\par }\pard \ql \li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 -medSAFEAPITest.exe\tab 33.0.16.4
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 [medSAFEDemo]\tab Contains installation file and program demonstrating operation using 3D Guidance API
\par }\pard \ql \li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 -medSAFEDemo.exe\tab 33.0.15.3
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 [medSAFEUtility]\tab 3D Guidance medSAFE configuration utility.  Used to alter startup settings or perform factory upgrades.
\par }\pard \ql \li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 -medSAFEUtility.exe\tab 33.0.0.8
\par -Tracker.dll\tab \tab 33.0.13.7
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2160\li2160\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\f2\fs20 [Samples]\tab \tab 
Contains subdirectories Sample, Sample2 and GetSynchronousRecordSample containing C++ Project files/sample code for fundamental communication with the tracker using the 3DGuidance API. Sample 2 project shows appro
priate use of each of the GetXXXParameter/SetXXXXParameter calls, giving access to all configurable tracker parameters. GetSynchronousRecordSample illustrates usage of the new GetSynchronousRecord functionality for easily obtaining every data record witho
ut missing or duplicate records.
\par [WINBIRD]\tab \tab Sample application that uses the Windows driver for RS232.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par ******************************************************
\par 
\par Device Driver Installation
\par *Install software before connecting the tracker*
\par }\pard \ql \fi-450\li450\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin450\itap0 {\f2\fs20 1 - Insert the CD-ROM into the PC CD-ROM tray.
\par 2 - Follow prompts in the installer to copy all required files.
\par 3 - When software installation complete, connect power and the USB 
\par     interface cable to the Tracker.
\par 4 - Windows will prompt the user with the New Hardware Wizard.
\par 5 - Select the 'Install Automatically(Default)' radio button option.
\par 6 - Press the 'Next' Button.
\par 7 - A Window's message will appear, indicating that this driver 
\par     has not passed 'Windows Logo Testing'
\par 8 - Press the 'Continue Anyway' button.
\par 9 - Windows will install the appropriate files.
\par 10 - Press the 'Finish' Button.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2\fs20 
\par }}